this is the Samsung UN 55c 8000 XF it's
the LED 240 Hertz 3d and it was
purchased on January 27 2011 date today
is April 3rd 2011 about a week ago
I had an issue with the TV itself go
ahead and power it up and show you what
that issue is Audio itself seems to be
fine however the TV is powered up give
it a few seconds after after being
connected the cable I get no picture
slowly and surely you'll start to see
like a vertical bar going down the
middle this point is a red a vertical
bar right there and then a nice red
vertical patch on the side as well
initially when this first started to
happen it was actually blue so in the
remote try to get into the menu screen
and practically just unable to do
anything at this point
depending on guess hon which day I turn
it on considering today I wanted to
document it this is the way the picture
is so at this point considering didn't
get the store warranty but I'm going
under the manufacturer warranty and so
far Samsung has got a contractor company
television repair that they're using
right now I'm gonna see I called them on
the 26th Saturday around like 9:40 p.m.
actually pretty good on the customer
service side I spoke with a rep gave me
a service order number and everything
seems to be going as planned
for the time being just waiting on this
let me see the contractor company to
come out actually repair the TV itself
so this is it
Samsung UN 55c 8000 XF pretty
disappointing considering I bought it a
couple of months ago